Add FAQ section in README to explain usage of Generics (#444)
typeddjango/djangorestframework-stubs: README.md

in your `mypy.ini` file.

## FAQ

### Model instance is inferred as `Any` instead of my `Model` class

> This library adds support for [Generics](https://peps.python.org/pep-0484/#generics) in DRF. For example, you can now write:

Reviewer: I would rephrase this:

```suggestion
When subclassing `ModelSerializer`, add a [type argument](https://peps.python.org/pep-0484/#generics) to type-hint the related model class, for example:
```

Feel free to tweak this further.

```python

> class MyModelSerializer(serializers.ModelSerializer[MyModel]):

Reviewer 2: Do we need to monkeypatch it?

Author: Do you mean call `django_stubs_ext.monkeypatch()`? I'm pretty sure it's not needed, worked without it in my project.

Author: The `__class_getitem__` method was added https://github.com/encode/django-rest-framework/pull/7385 which was released in DRF 3.12
